[ty] Recursive protocols (#17929)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/protocols.md

static_assert(is_assignable_to(RecursiveFullyStatic, RecursiveNonFullyStatic))
static_assert(is_assignable_to(RecursiveNonFullyStatic, RecursiveFullyStatic))

class AlsoRecursiveFullyStatic(Protocol):
    parent: AlsoRecursiveFullyStatic
    x: int

static_assert(is_equivalent_to(AlsoRecursiveFullyStatic, RecursiveFullyStatic))

class RecursiveOptionalParent(Protocol):
    parent: RecursiveOptionalParent | None

static_assert(is_fully_static(RecursiveOptionalParent))

static_assert(is_assignable_to(RecursiveOptionalParent, RecursiveOptionalParent))

static_assert(is_assignable_to(RecursiveNonFullyStatic, RecursiveOptionalParent))
static_assert(not is_assignable_to(RecursiveOptionalParent, RecursiveNonFullyStatic))

class Other(Protocol):
    z: str

def _(rec: RecursiveFullyStatic, other: Other):
    reveal_type(rec.parent.parent.parent)  # revealed: RecursiveFullyStatic

    rec.parent.parent.parent = rec
    rec = rec.parent.parent.parent

    rec.parent.parent.parent = other  # error: [invalid-assignment]
    other = rec.parent.parent.parent  # error: [invalid-assignment]
```

### Nested occurrences of self-reference

> Make sure that we handle self-reference correctly, even if they appear as parts of type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that we handle self-reference correctly, even if the self-reference appears deeply nested
within the type of a protocol member:
```

    parent: AlsoRecursiveFullyStatic
    x: int

static_assert(is_equivalent_to(AlsoRecursiveFullyStatic, RecursiveFullyStatic))

class RecursiveOptionalParent(Protocol):
    parent: RecursiveOptionalParent | None

static_assert(is_fully_static(RecursiveOptionalParent))

static_assert(is_assignable_to(RecursiveOptionalParent, RecursiveOptionalParent))

static_assert(is_assignable_to(RecursiveNonFullyStatic, RecursiveOptionalParent))
static_assert(not is_assignable_to(RecursiveOptionalParent, RecursiveNonFullyStatic))

class Other(Protocol):
    z: str

def _(rec: RecursiveFullyStatic, other: Other):
    reveal_type(rec.parent.parent.parent)  # revealed: RecursiveFullyStatic

    rec.parent.parent.parent = rec
    rec = rec.parent.parent.parent

    rec.parent.parent.parent = other  # error: [invalid-assignment]
    other = rec.parent.parent.parent  # error: [invalid-assignment]

class Foo(Protocol):
    @property
    def x(self) -> "Foo": ...

class Bar(Protocol):
    @property
    def x(self) -> "Bar": ...

# TODO: this should pass
# error: [static-assert-error]
static_assert(is_equivalent_to(Foo, Bar))
```

### Nested occurrences of self-reference

> Make sure that we handle self-reference correctly, even if the self-reference appears deeply nested\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that we handle self-reference correctly, even if the self-reference appears deeply nested
```

Author: mdformat, what are you doing...

Reviewer 2: Someday I'll write a markdown formatter ;)
